import TATLayout from '../../../components/TATLayout'
import BigLazyImage from '../../../components/BigLazyImage'
import NoteTitle from '../../../components/NoteTitle'

export default ({ children }) => <TATLayout prev="2018-08-18" next="2018-08-20" >{children}</TATLayout>

<NoteTitle
  title="August 19, 2018 &mdash; Maryland &#8594; West Virginia"
  subtitle="245 miles"
/>

Another great day. Hit some fun fast gravel earlier in the day and then lots of backcountry slab. Today I was following sections of the MABDR.

<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/tat.honkytonk.in/02/IMG_2500.jpg" />

Towards the end of the day as I'm tired and just wanting to roll up to camp, I finally hit some good stuff in George Washington NF. It's been wet around here so it was a bit slippery. There were also four water crossings, though none of them too deep or difficult.

Today was less rushed. I put in what I think will be closer to my average mileage. I sorta stopped for lunch &mdash; I just didn't really sit down. I had to zip tie my exhaust shield on &mdash; the bolt rattled out. I thought it might melt, but it held up for the day. I cooked up some pasta and tuna for dinner and crashed in the tent.

<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/tat.honkytonk.in/02/IMG_2511.jpg" />

I had a feeling of being totally alone which I had not had in a very long time. While I was riding, I couldn't place the last time I felt it, bit thinking back now I remember the trip I took with Brendan that I felt that way. I miss Em, our dog Cooper, our life in NYC. But the thing that makes missing them ok is knowing that I'll be back home to them. It's just gonna be a while.

Tomorrow I'll join up with the TAT proper in Virginia.
