import Layout from '../../components/Layout'
import NoteTitle from '../../components/NoteTitle'

export default Layout

<NoteTitle date="2017-08-05" title="Booze" />

From a letter by Sam Shepard to Johnny Dark:

> I empathize with your struggle with dope but don't exactly know what to say about it. I'm not even sure if you regard it as a struggle. For me, it just came down to a kind of terrible emotional crash where I knew I had to turn something around in myself or suffer horrible consequences. Some of those consequences I was already under the influence of and it began to really bear down on me in a way I couldn't handle any more. I came very close to destroying just about everything that really meant something to me—my relationship with Jessica [Lange], my kids most of all. I couldn't believe the amount of self-destruction I was capable of and I became so isolated and removed from everyone that I thought I might as well take a look at this alcoholic situation to see if it really applied to me. I still couldn't believe I was alcoholic when I entered the meetings for the second time in New York. I kept drinking through about the first week of meetings and then, slowly something began to bend—I guess it was my pride more than anything. I had a hard time seeing myself in the same exact bag as my old man, who I swore I would never resemble. In a way, the decision to stop drinking was the easiest part—of course you go through about a three month stretch where you body has to detox and get rid of all the poison you've built up and through that time there's a lot of craving and self-pity but then the "need" for booze kind of leaves your physical self and the psychological part takes over. That's the tough one for me because it all has to do with this thing of loneliness and the inability to have easy relationships with other people. It's the very reason I started drinking in the first place—the bar, the "Nightlife"; the excitement of meeting strange women; the "Adventure"—this whole notion that there's something out there I'm missing out on and booze was definitely the ticket that opened the door. The false courage that drinking gave me allowed me to indulge any idiocy that came along with never any thought of having to pay for it down the road. Also, there was the "romance" with the bottle—I was a writer, I had a license to drink. All writers drink, even great ones. I was a "tough guy." I could take it. I didn't give a shit what anybody thought and I didn't really give a shit what I did to other people in the way of abuse or denial. I was my own guy! I'm amazed I lived through it actually: blackouts on the road doing ninety miles an hour, winding up sleeping in ditches; fist fights with Marines; hangovers that went on through half the day and were only remedied by more booze, strange women who could have been carrying anything; pool games til the crack of dawn with Italian Mafioso types where I lost hundreds of dollars, terrible fights with the ones I loved; the shakes, vomiting, shitting my pants on the street—Sounds like fun, huh? From the outside one might say well, sure, it was probably time for you to take stock of yourself but I never saw the least little part of it. I thought the world was fucked up and I was just reacting like some kind of underground hero.
>
> Anyhow, the long and short of it is I know that you and I are somewhat similar in the area of our difficulty to get along with other people and the world at large—this isolation thing. It may be one of the reasons we've maintained such a friendship over the years. No one else will dain to talk to us! I think the personality type that we both carry (I don't know the name of it or the category it might fall into on anybody's chart) is particularly prone to addiction of one kind or another. I know there have been times I would do anything to get out of this feeling of being completely cut off. But we're both lucky in that we've found amazing women in this life; we've stumbled our way across actual esoteric knowledge and had the good fortune to meet men like Pentland; we still get a kick out of stringing words together and concocting images and feel the importance of trying to attempt to get down something of our experience through time and those blessings seem to more and more out-weigh the temporary trances of being smashed and carried away with images of myself as some kind of fascinating fellow. I don't think too much about booze anymore but when I was up there in Vancouver doing the film and every night going out to dinner with all these actors and movie people around—Sean Penn, Nicholson et al; and everyone was drinking and telling stories and carrying on—I thought—the "thought" crossed through my mind of how easy it would be to just order a little shot of bourbon straight-up and knock it back and feel that warm glow of confidence and giddiness and stupid arrogance again and just have a grand old time sitting around ogling girls and telling lies and letting all the bullshit fly but then something else came in that flat knew that if I did that I would be long gone down the lost road again. I'm not saying I'm on the "found" road now but I can tell the difference between a dead-end and an open highway. It's very clear. And I don't even know exactly how I came to it but I think I had to come to that very severe bottom end before I ever considered the alternative. I'm three years sober now but there's still always the possibility that the maniac could leap up one day and decide to have a "little drink." Who knows? It'll probably always be there. And I could say, "Well, I've been a very good boy for three years and I actually deserve a little drink. What the hell!" And there I'd be—right back where I started. I was looking at the Aphorisms in the back of Views from the Real World the other day and happened to stick on this one: "If you already know it is bad and do it, you commit a sin difficult to redress." Of course, words like "bad" and "sin" don't sit real easy with any of us anymore but somewhere we know exactly what he's talking about and somewhere we might even begin to taste the beginnings of a conscience—"woe is me!."
