import Layout from '../../components/Layout'
import NoteTitle from '../../components/NoteTitle'
import BigLazyImage from '../../components/BigLazyImage'

export default Layout

<NoteTitle date="2022-06-30" title="June 2022" />

I'm trying to make writing these a habit but so far it has not stuck. For most of June, I was thinking about July and the two months of racing that will kick off then. Anyway, here's some stuff that happened this month and things I enjoyed.

Emily moved back from Ithaca, and Cooper came back from his stay up there. I am happy to have them both home.

<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/honkytonk.in/lately-2022-06/cooper-2022-06.jpg" alt="Cooper in the grass" />

I bought my first trials bike, a 2020 Gas Gas TXT 300. I can't wait to get out on it.

#### Enduro

The [ECEA](https://ecea.org/ecea/) season picked back up again with the Ridge Run sprint enduro. I didn't ride as well as I'd have liked and finished in 9th B Vet / 29th Overall B.

I got out on the enduro bike every weekend though, and I bicycled ~345 miles. I'm trying to keep to a focused strength training routine too. My fitness feels good going into all the races coming up, though I'm sure I'll find my endurance lacking at the hard enduros.

<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/honkytonk.in/lately-2022-06/IMG_7247.jpg" alt="Pushing" />
<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/honkytonk.in/lately-2022-06/IMG_7250.jpg" alt="Folded" />
<BigLazyImage src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/honkytonk.in/lately-2022-06/IMG_7340.jpg" alt="Scouting" />

#### Listening

- Arvo Pärt, _Alina_ (1999)
- Joan Of Arc, _How Memory Works_ (1998)
- Laurel Halo, _Dust_ (2017) and Laurel Halo / Hodge, _Tru / Opal / The Light Within You_ (2018)
- Mike and the Moonpies, _One to Grow On_ (2021)
- Pangaea, _Reprise Podcast 011_ (2009)
- Rachika Nayar, _Fragments_ (2021)
  - Still obsessed. I picked up a cassette copy this month as well.
- Slow Attack Ensemble, _Music For Turntable, Guitars and Sampled Instruments_ (2020)
- Sonic Youth discography
  - Still making my way through all the live stuff but think I've listened to all the studio releases at this point.
- Zimoun, _Guitar Studies I-III_ (2022)
- various NTS shows
- various West Mineral Ltd. releases

#### Reading

I read nothing this month. Pathetic. :(

#### Watching

- _Barry_ (2018&ndash;)
- _The Sopranos_ (1999&ndash;2007)
- _Face/Off_ (1997)
- _Jeopardy!_ (1984&ndash;)
  - Though not as much lately since we have to watch it live now!
- NBA Finals
- Pro Motocross
